#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/test.txt requirements/base.txt requirements/test.in
#
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   omegaconf
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argilla==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via
    #   nbdev
    #   stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via nbdev
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   argilla
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   nbconvert
black==23.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
bleach==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   nbconvert
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   black
    #   nltk
    #   unstructured-api-tools
    #   uvicorn
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   onnxruntime
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   matplotlib
coverage[toml]==7.2.1
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==39.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pdfminer-six
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.6
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   argilla
    #   limits
effdet==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.1.0
    # via pytest
execnb==0.1.5
    # via nbdev
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.92.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-api-tools
    #   unstructured-inference
fastcore==1.5.28
    # via
    #   execnb
    #   ghapi
    #   nbdev
fastjsonschema==2.16.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   nbformat
filelock==3.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
flake8==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
flatbuffers==23.1.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   onnxruntime
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
ghapi==1.0.3
    # via nbdev
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==0.16.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpx
httptools==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   uvicorn
httpx==0.23.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   argilla
huggingface-hub==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   timm
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-inference
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coloredlogs
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   markdown
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   matplotlib
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
iopath==0.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
ipykernel==6.21.2
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.11.0
    # via
    #   execnb
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.4
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   unstructured-api-tools
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   nltk
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsons==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-inference
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
jupyter-client==8.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.2
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.3.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.5
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   matplotlib
layoutparser[layoutmodels,tesseract]==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-inference
limits==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   slowapi
lxml==4.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-docx
    #   python-pptx
    #   unstructured
markdown==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pycocotools
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mistune==2.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   nbconvert
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   argilla
mpmath==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   sympy
mypy==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   unstructured-api-tools
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
nbclassic==0.5.2
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   unstructured-api-tools
nbdev==2.3.12
    # via -r requirements/test.in
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nltk==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
notebook==6.5.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   argilla
    #   contourpy
    #   layoutparser
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   pycocotools
    #   scipy
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   effdet
onnxruntime==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-inference
opencv-python==4.6.0.66
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
    #   unstructured-inference
openpyxl==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
packaging==22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   argilla
    #   black
    #   fastcore
    #   ghapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   limits
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pytesseract
    #   pytest
    #   qtpy
    #   transformers
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   argilla
    #   layoutparser
    #   unstructured
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.11.0
    # via black
pdf2image==1.16.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
pdfminer-six==20221105
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pdfplumber
pdfplumber==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   pdfplumber
    #   pytesseract
    #   python-pptx
    #   torchvision
    #   unstructured
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
platformdirs==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
portalocker==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   iopath
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==4.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   onnxruntime
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycocotools==2.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   effdet
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==1.10.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   argilla
    #   fastapi
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytesseract==0.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
pytest==7.2.1
    # via pytest-cov
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-docx==0.8.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   uvicorn
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
python-multipart==0.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-api-tools
    #   unstructured-inference
python-pptx==0.6.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   layoutparser
    #   nbdev
    #   omegaconf
    #   timm
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
pyzmq==25.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.0
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.0
    # via qtconsole
ratelimit==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
regex==2022.10.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpx
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
slowapi==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-api-tools
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
starlette==0.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastapi
sympy==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   onnxruntime
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
timm==0.6.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   effdet
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   nbconvert
tokenizers==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   black
    #   coverage
    #   mypy
    #   pytest
torch==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   effdet
    #   layoutparser
    #   timm
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   effdet
    #   layoutparser
    #   timm
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   argilla
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   iopath
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
transformers==4.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-inference
types-requests==2.28.11.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-api-tools
types-ujson==5.7.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-api-tools
types-urllib3==1.26.25.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   types-requests
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   black
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   iopath
    #   limits
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   starlette
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
typish==1.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsons
unstructured[local-inference]>=0.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
unstructured-api-tools>=0.4.9
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
unstructured-inference>=0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-api-tools
    #   unstructured-inference
uvloop==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   uvicorn
wand==0.6.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pdfplumber
watchdog==2.3.1
    # via nbdev
watchfiles==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   uvicorn
wheel==0.38.4
    # via astunparse
widgetsnbextension==4.0.5
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   argilla
    #   deprecated
xlsxwriter==3.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-pptx
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
